README.md, before:

Sonar Cobertura
===============
Current version: 2.0
===============
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/galexandre/sonar-cobertura.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/galexandre/sonar-cobertura) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura) [![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura) [Slack](https://sonar-cobertura.slack.com/)

## How to contribute
- If you experienced a problem with the plugin please open an issue. Inside this issue please explain us how to reproduce this issue and paste the log. 
- If you want to do a PR, please put inside of it the reason of this pull request. If this pull request fix an issue please insert the number of the issue or explain inside of the PR how to reproduce this issue.
- Join us on [Slack](https://sonar-cobertura.slack.com/)

## Description / Feature
This plugin provides the ability to feed SonarQube with code coverage data coming from [Cobertura](http://cobertura.github.io/cobertura/).

Cobertura Plugin | 1.1 | 1.2 | 1.3 | 1.4 | 1.5 | 1.6 | 1.7 | 1.8 | 1.9 | 1.9.1 | 2.0 |
---------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Reports generated with Cobertura | 1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1 |	1.9.4.1 |	1.9.4.1	| 1.9.4.1 | 1.9.4.1

## Usage
The default location of the XML Cobertura report is: target/site/cobertura/coverage.xml . You can change it in Configure in the `Settings > General Settings > Java > Cobertura page`

To launch Cobertura from Maven use this command:`mvn cobertura:cobertura -Dcobertura.report.format=xml`

For more on Cobertura, see [Cobertura' site](http://cobertura.github.io/cobertura/).

See Code [Coverage by Unit Tests for Java Project tutorial](http://docs.sonarqube.org/display/PLUG/Code+Coverage+by+Unit+Tests+for+Java+Project).

## Plugin seeking Maintainer(s)
The plugin is not maintained by SonarSource anymore and is consequently seeking for a maintainer from the community. As a logical consequence and as long as no one is maintaining the plugin, any new issue won't be handled.

If you are interested, don't hesitate to contact Sonarsource using our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sonarqube) or by sending an email directly to **sonarqube[at]googlegroups.com**!

Commit message:

Update of the readme and of the travis.yml to include the last two versions of Sonarqube

README.md, after:

Sonar Cobertura
===============
Current version: 2.0
===============
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/galexandre/sonar-cobertura.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/galexandre/sonar-cobertura) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura) [![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/galexandre/sonar-cobertura)

## How to contribute
- If you experienced a problem with the plugin please open an issue. Inside this issue please explain us how to reproduce this issue and paste the log.
- If you want to do a PR, please put inside of it the reason of this pull request. If this pull request fix an issue please insert the number of the issue or explain inside of the PR how to reproduce this issue.
- Please have a look in the wiki for integration testing.

## Description / Feature
This plugin provides the ability to feed SonarQube with code coverage data coming from [Cobertura](http://cobertura.github.io/cobertura/).

Cobertura Plugin | 1.1 | 1.2 | 1.3 | 1.4 | 1.5 | 1.6 | 1.7 | 1.8 | 1.9 | 1.9.1 | 2.0 |
---------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
Reports generated with Cobertura | 1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1	|	1.9.4.1 |	1.9.4.1 |	1.9.4.1	| 1.9.4.1 | 1.9.4.1 

## Usage
The default location of the XML Cobertura report is: target/site/cobertura/coverage.xml . You can change it in Configure in the `Settings > General Settings > Java > Cobertura page`

To launch Cobertura from Maven use this command:`mvn cobertura:cobertura -Dcobertura.report.format=xml`

For more on Cobertura, see [Cobertura' site](http://cobertura.github.io/cobertura/).

See Code [Coverage by Unit Tests for Java Project tutorial](http://docs.sonarqube.org/display/PLUG/Code+Coverage+by+Unit+Tests+for+Java+Project).
